Github concepts:

1.branch heiraechy
2.Issue tracking
3.Email notification
4.Branch deletion

  i.First we created an organization, Reasons behind that At any time, all members of an organization can add new repositories,
   and members with owner or admin permissions can transfer existing repositories.
   By default, all organization members can create repositories for the organization and transfer repositories into the organization. 
   If you choose, you can restrict repository creation permissions to organization owners only.
   
   Groups of people can collaborate across many projects at the same time in organization accounts.
 
 ii.When you transfer a repository to a new owner, they can immediately administer the repository's contents, issues, pull requests, releases, and settings.

2.Issue Tracking: We collect user feedback via a central bug tracker. GitHub's tracker is called "Issues," and can be used with every repository.
Issues,it is just a place to report software bugs. As a project maintainer, you can use Issues to organize tasks you'd like to accomplish,
such as adding new features or auditing old ones. You can associate issues with pull requests, so that when you merge a pull request, your issue will automatically close. If you're using a project board to track and prioritize your work, you can see what project board an issue is a part of by viewing the project board section within the issue.

You can opt to receive notifications whenever an issue is updated with a new comment so that you're always in the loop. You can also report a comment that violates GitHub's Community Guidelines. For more information, see Reporting abuse or spam

Issues can also be assigned to other users, tagged with labels for quicker searching, and grouped together with milestones.

3.Email notification:When the finial comment is happened, then automatically sent the email notification to partical person

4.Branch deletion:when the limit is crossed, then branches will delete automatically through the 

5.line added

ZSEUEDRDYU

270198
C:\Program Files\Apache Software Foundation\Tomcat 8.5\bin

